---
published: true
title: Optimization of imaging equipment Christmas watching movies at home
layout: post
---
Color OptionalELECOM diced Apple headphones After following the earlier release of fruit-headphones is recommended, this period ELECOM Elecom with new EHP-IN20 colorful diced Apple headphones. The sale of 12 colors in-ear headphones, suitable with rich colors used with the iPod. Continue ELECOM quality requirements, showing moving while timbre, but also provides a perfect balance of treble to bass, is a cover note and comfort were excellent in-ear headphones. Weight is only 3G of the headphone cable is not included, very portable. [Win opening games of summer beauty set to myself](http://www.faybag.com/2016/01/19/win-opening-games-of-summer-beauty-set-to-myself-constellation-dress-makes-you/)Editorial reviews: supporting the provision of four adjustable sizes of silicone ear plugs, and facilitate the use of different users.Recommended indexes: ★ ★ ★ ★Reference price: $ 99Chao playing cross-borderEeePC of the Lamborghini VX6Asus and top-level sports car brand Lamborghini\'s first cross-border cooperation of the new EeePC VX6, breakthrough in the design, configuration and function of the product line in the past, echoed that striking gold as stubborn as a bull flag on the product appearance. Powered by Intel dual core CPU D525 coupled with next-generation NVIDIA ION ion platform, built-in memory DDR3 4GB, matching wings young independent graphics core, 512M DDR3 discrete memory. VX6 also support NVIDIA OPTIMUS smart switching technology, intelligent switching between single and set effects, power strong.Editorial reviews: new parts more launched \"stubborn cattle Eee ASUS stubborn cattle Eee\'s got talent\" activities, details, visit the ASUS official website www.ASUS.com.CN query.Reference price: ￥ 15888Build 30Epson projector productsEpson commercial, education, home, four types of high-end projection of 30 new models. Thin business projector series EB-C260M/C260MN, EB-C300MN/C300MS, small size, light weight, high brightness, humanized design. To meet the various needs of enterprise users, Epson also introduced the EB-C250/C260 series entry-level Portable projectors, and integrated into the design. Directly aimed at home users and home theater enthusiasts, introduced EH-TW3700C and TW3300C, with more flexible placement price, high quality images, the civilian population, as this season\'s preferred models.Editorial reviews: where EH-R5000C is the world\'s first 1080p millions contrast projector, its progress in black expressive, powerful.High performance-price ratioAlteclansing iMT320Ott Bluestar iMT320 use classic design, the surface has a top cover, protect the speaker and the unit as a whole, remove the cabinet can be seen charging after the base, very clever, after full charge, speaker is like a book size, lightweight and convenient, suitable for carrying. This amp iPhone certification, suitable for iPod, iTouch, iPhone full line of Apple products. When the speakers when connecting iPhone to play music, phone calls, speaker automatic shut off music, user-friendly answer after you end the call, still continued to play music from the place it was interrupted, quite human.Editorial reviews: iMT320 also set the audio input terminal of the 3.5mm, all players can be linked using.Recommended indexes: ★ ★ ★Reference price: $ 699Comprehensive upgradePhilips FlexCare+ series of sound waves vibrating toothbrushPhilips has released its innovative patented Sonic electric toothbrush Sonic technology FlexCare+ series vibrating toothbrush, 31,000 brush moves per minute frequencies, enhanced 10% FlexCare+ brush head swing Sonic brushing technology upgrade, new teeth cleaning gum experiences. There are 5 different brushing modes to choose, in the domestic market is only clinically proven to improve gum health in 2 weeks the gum care mode.Editorial reviews: the new gum care mode can gently massage the gums while brushing your teeth, promoting blood circulation and improving gingival health problems such as gingival and Periodontal pockets.Reference price: $ 1199Introduction to preferredFuhlen A05 wireless mouseAs an entry-level user-oriented product, A05 support 800/1000/1200/1600 fuller four DPI adjustment, multi-range resolution meet the different applications, such as games, Office, graphic processing needs. With up to ten meters effective control distance, accuracy, and can easily play with Wireless HD. Fuller A05 also FAPP based on fuller\'s unique technology, using automatic robot Assembly and high cost performance. Also enjoy fuller 15 month warranty service, users can rest assured to purchase and use.Editorial reviews: the ergonomically designed mouse are moderate body size and weight, suitable for most hand grip control, feel good.Reference price: $ 49Baidu mobileSamsung S5330Samsung mobile S5330 Baidu carried independently developed by Samsung Bada Smartphone operating system, built-in social networks (Social Hub), happy, SNS for all components, mobile QQ, happy, friend of everyone in one fell swoop. Samsung app store (Samsung Park) offers unlimited game and application downloads. Built-in search, Baidu post bar, Baidu knows, Baidu Baidu core functional components, allows the user to snare the first time trend information. 3.2 inch TFT touch screen, with a Qwerty keyboard and slide cover, boom flavor.Editorial reviews: providing black or white color options, coupled with TouchWiz touch interface appearance and behavior are minimal.Reference price: to be determinedFull HD 3DViewSonic V3D241wm-LEDAs the world\'s first 3D stereo effect LED LCD, V3D241wm-LED on a 23.6-inch display offers 1920x1080 full HD resolution, standard 16:9 film and 20,000,000:1 ultra-high dynamic contrast ratio, whether 2D or 3D display output, you can provide Full HD 1080P full HD effect, not only for professional video editors, also applies to HD video playback. Different from the traditional 60Hz display refresh rate, V3D241wm-LED 120Hz refresh rate, screen refresh rate exactly 1 time-fold, showing absolutely no ghosting video footage. [Win opening games of summer beauty set to myself](http://www.faybag.com/2016/01/19/win-opening-games-of-summer-beauty-set-to-myself-constellation-dress-makes-you/)Editorial reviews: V3D241wm-LED also offers a 4:3 switch function, users can be handled under the original image is not distorted.Recommended indexes: ★ ★ ★ ★ ★Christmas film headphones image equipment speakers reviews design projector