---
published: true
title: Ken bean mold mildew Kardashian kept the explosion models for a long time in the Sun can finally use
layout: post
---
Explosive items are there, there are even more beautiful, you are in no means pocket. However, the explosions not only popular in the summer, Ken bean Kardashian on social networking Sun keep. More importantly: everyone can afford! Don\'t add to cart!Mold mildew and her worst ex-boyfriend Gao Shuaifu DJ photo, show Switzerland, do you see any pot does not touch the spot?Then mold mold with her powerful influence \"bad bad\" Everybady, head of the people have to buy the same excitement, pay homage to mold mildew.It\'s not a big-name advertising blockbusters of the universe, just \"beans\" (Kendall Jenner) take a picture in private on Ins.As the Kardashian sister. Courtney-Kim Kardashian (Kourtney Kardashian) proved that the ginger or old hot, casually assumed Otaku favorite \"posture\".\"The United States sweetie\" Renee-Witherspoon (Reese Witherspoon), while age has entered the \"people\'s artist\", but it still beats the young heart, pitch the audience do you?Who says that wind is a lovely girl who loves, also failed to rein in the big boy Justin Bieber (Justin Bibber) is caught in the whirlwind of sweet girls \"trap\".If you\'re worried about Asian people can\'t Hold the explosions, don\'t worry, blogger, Aimee Song Everybady parents tell you to buy!SO...... This single product going to chop his hands?First of all, let us look at the explosions: Gray Swan Malin Funboy series model life preserver.Gray Malin for most foreigners of Chinese aliens are unfamiliar brand, but you may have seen them this popular networking group of photographs.Gray Malin 1000 tubes placed in the swimming pool, and in bold neon color gloss over these inner tubes. Candy pink, Orange, lemon yellow, light blue and black, these color stripes life been put into various patterns floating in the water, life buoy still lying sunbathe or swim. Instantly, this photo attracted intense phobias have been protesting and condemning. [Zhengshuang puts on the vest coat was so exquisite](https://walletcase2.wordpress.com/2016/04/21/zhengshuang-puts-on-the-vest-coat-was-so-exquisite-that-i-want-to-immediately/)Closer to home, if you are interested in chopping hands, Funboy series official website the quote given is $ 128, about 857 Yuan and, honestly, the price to buy a life preserver, and then there is a burn bag. However, if you are interested you can buy on Taobao 100-300 similar. Of course, if you\'re the kind of people who don\'t buy the genuine article continue to live, then purchase, taxes, postage plus service takes about 180 yuan.If you think Gray Malin somewhat expensive, consider that Sunnylife from from Australia, also sell cute inflatable products.Popular items this Flamingo shaped life preserver, the price is $ 99.95, is about 510 trillion yuan. Similarly, Sunnylife also ring in the shape of a Swan, the price is also around 510 million.However, we recommend an ice cream cone shaped floating mats on the water, cheaper, 230 Yuan or so. In addition, large watermelons and pineapples floating mats on the water is also good, their larger, can you lie down on it, the price is around 306 million.Of course, if you still feel you, Almighty Taobao can give you the same selection of less than 100 Yuan, but we refused to comment on the quality.(This picture originated) [Zhengshuang puts on the vest coat was so exquisite](https://walletcase2.wordpress.com/2016/04/21/zhengshuang-puts-on-the-vest-coat-was-so-exquisite-that-i-want-to-immediately/)Mold mildew Kardashian explosions items social networks with star Taylor Swift with purchase