---
published: true
title: For his claimed role your son watch selection
layout: post
---
Every life, requires a precision timepiece. Side of his claimed role for you, personally.Yu Cooper key of MP-02 Key of TimeArt of your sonThis time key MP-02 Key of Time, the biggest feature is the three crowns in one location, so the owner can according to your preference, leave the pointer in accordance with the normal time of 4, 1/4 and 1 time speed operation. Because of this, Yu ships which gave it a very different type of 40 mm oversized dial. Obviously, this design is not suitable for big-level figures more suited to their painstaking art courses at a College in Europe\'s son.Omega Hour Vision Blue \"bright blue\" watchGive your Gold partnerHour Vision Blue \"bright blue\" watch is intended to support the treatment of preventable blindness, Orbis designed for this particular organization. The Sun\'s rays polished blue dial, framed 18K white gold pointer, charismatic. As the sole is worn in the Moon watch, OMEGA stands for beyond and of adventure, the most qualified of the wearer, is invincible, invincible Gold partner with you.Longines master retrograde series moon phase watchWere reading sonsThis four hands gracefully running watch climatological and the alternation of night and day, and realized the artful balance of classical and fashion. While Longines Watch also was embarrassed in the manufacturing process than a big, but its elegant chronograph brand essence of temperament and movement among the young there\'s a good market.Glashutte Original Pano Matic Lunar XLGive your hair [Not recommended so versatile I just want a simple](http://www.faybag.com/2016/08/25/not-recommended-so-versatile-i-just-want-a-simple-table/)Glashutte dignitaries has a group of fans all over the world, such as Russia\'s Dmitry Medvedev. Glashutte Original Pano Matic Lunar XL has a low profile and rich designs: galvanized Asian-gray face plate filled with eccentric arrangement on hour/minute and small seconds hand, elegant on the Moon is the Moon and Silver Star. Through the end of the table, design for deep Foundation at a glance. A minimalist design is not simple, as your best friend.Blancpain VILLERETGive your line managerMagistrate rather than tubes, you CEO\'s certainly less important than your immediate superior. Blancpain Blancpain VILLERET watch simple decoration inheritance classic dial, with a large open fires fired enamel dial, transparent table cover after low-key way of the Blancpain master hand gorgeous movement patterns, distributed in the tradition of a dazzling light, absolutely, him to you in a different light.Patek Philippe 5208 [Not recommended so versatile I just want a simple](http://www.faybag.com/2016/08/25/not-recommended-so-versatile-i-just-want-a-simple-table/)You love that table\'s fatherPatek Philippe 5,208 set a three-minute repeater, single button timer and unlocking calendar three functions. In fact, any table, if you can make any of the above three functions is sufficient swordsman. This brand of watch can not just send people, official to step down because of wearing this brand of watch a few. So, unless you have a table of love into a crazy dad, I really can\'t think of anyone else better to it..svbxs dl{margin:12px;min-height:336px}Wrist watch Glashutte Original design baopobai term: Patek Philippe pointers for dials Villeret