---
published: true
title: Six men mechanical watches to 8,000 price recommended
layout: post
---
Men buy what\'s objective is to meet the decoration of some need, partly in order to meet the mechanical dreams of childhood, and partly for prestige and power. Many women look at men\'s identity is now a lot at first glance is the wrist, look at the wearing of any meter, worth at a glance, watch House today to recommend three men mechanical watches.Bo Lu 160 anniversary Zu Ersi GS9160-212 automatic series commemorative watchWatches series: Zu Ersi automatic seriesCase material: 316L steelStrap material: 316L steelCase diameter: 40 mmDomestic price: ￥ 8380Watch reviews: all steel Zu Ersi GS9160-212 automatic series to commemorate the IBO way of birth one of the 160 anniversary of the launch of the brand, the Pegasus charm details stand out. Watch high 316L precision steel, seven Beads Bracelet gap and through clever, makes steel hard and a little more feminine, more \"13 (raw) 14 ()\" love is something beautiful meaning. White Camellia dial shade corresponding 12 hour interval, to cut the gold-plated stereo triangle early-plant nails, white with gold leveling, just as a simple and yet elegant atmosphere of a pearl necklace, flashing charming luster in every detail.Hamilton Khaki field series H70575733 wrist watchWatch collection: khaki field seriesCase material: TitaniumStrap material: cloth beltCase diameter: 42 mmDomestic price: $ 7500Watch review: Hamilton Khaki H70575733 series wrist watch with textured webbing strap, full of quality, domineering, meet your table all you can imagine. All black tonal design, but add a modern fashion. Watch for through the design on the back, through the Sapphire Crystal glass at the bottom, you can clearly see the ETA of carrying 2824-2 automatic mechanical movement, power reserve 38 hours.Tissot T-CLASSIC series T086.407.11.031.00 wrist watch [2016SIHH Phantom of the new MONTBLANC time Walker](http://uag2015.blogspot.com/2016/01/2016sihh-phantom-of-new-montblanc-time.html)Watches series: T-CLASSIC seriesCase material: stainless-steelBand material: stainless-steelCase diameter: 41 mm [2016SIHH Phantom of the new MONTBLANC time Walker](http://uag2015.blogspot.com/2016/01/2016sihh-phantom-of-new-montblanc-time.html)Domestic price: $ 6300Watch reviews: Tissot technology has evolved into a science, for each product requires extreme precision. Series the real fine place is its movement. Tissot POWERMATIC 80 of the revolutionary movement, the movement with 80-hour power reserve. Matched with the high-performance movement is what extraordinary and classic look, people can\'t resist ... Watch 41 mm of diameter, 9.75 mm thickness, moderate wear, pure black disk design, has a date window at 3 o\'clock location.Summary: Watch the man\'s charm is equivalent to the bag for a woman\'s charm, hard to resist. Watches can also be men\'s weapons, set off a man\'s charm.Watch case series material movement strap charm men mechanical watches